https://codepen.io/justintan/details/VpYgor

https://codepen.io/Navedkhan012/pen/wWgRJb

Bootstrap Responsive Tabs (No more stacking)
https://codepen.io/Ayn_/pen/xdVBVg

jQuery simple lightbox
https://codepen.io/kozmaflorin/pen/aNWQzW

Landing Page
https://codepen.io/co/pen/nJZOwO

Card Mouse Hover Effect
https://codepen.io/yudizsolutions/pen/wvZEeNE

CSS only navigation with rotating text hover effect
https://codepen.io/cbolson/pen/OJGKdNJ

timeline
https://codepen.io/knyttneve/pen/bgvmma

Responsive movie card
https://codepen.io/ryanparag/details/oWrLPr

Responsive Landing Page | ScrollReveal & Tiny Slider
https://codepen.io/ecemgo/pen/GRzpEpB

Fly in new content
https://codepen.io/chriscoyier/pen/ngpbKa

Continuous scrolling background of sticky header
https://codepen.io/dghez/details/wvQWpN

Header Resize on Scroll Simple Page Layout
https://codepen.io/lili2311/pen/Exgqag

Single-Page Site Layout
https://codepen.io/jacobchavezjr/pen/oNVgqo

Simple and Responsive Menu (HTML5 and CSS3 only)
https://codepen.io/erinesullivan/pen/VQjzmZ

Stripe Like CSS Only Menu
https://codepen.io/smpnjn/details/VwKXdmy

Simple Responsive Timeline
https://codepen.io/keithwyland/pen/wqNqvy

Google Maps Custom Colors
https://codepen.io/DarrellWilson/details/AjXNZq

Welcome to The School of Life
https://codepen.io/reallygoodemails/pen/QKyrVw

CodeCamp Tribute Page
https://codepen.io/parkyoung555/details/ORGjMV

Splash Screen Animation
https://codepen.io/hiteshsahu/details/MOgzej

CSS Parallax Hero
https://codepen.io/hexagoncircle/pen/OJyPygv

Editorial design to CSS Grid. Author Page
https://codepen.io/ricardpriet/pen/zRqzzW

About Us Page
https://codepen.io/yanhuidiamond/details/PbBmQB

vue-simple-timeline
https://codepen.io/isanbitoy/details/oMYMYV

FCC2 Personal Web Page
https://codepen.io/CRAKERSS/details/PmoGeX

HTML only - Detail & Summary
https://codepen.io/ananyaneogi/pen/QXgXmd

Web School (sin frameworks)
https://codepen.io/JyGProyectosWeb/pen/ezjExp

Thinkful About Me
https://codepen.io/brebory/pen/XWqNGZ

FCC Projects - Personal Portfolio
https://codepen.io/merraysy/pen/KzpwJG

Wild Circus (Wild Code School)
https://codepen.io/alphabetacoder/pen/eezYBK

Dribbble Mockup - School of Fish
https://codepen.io/mirandalwashburn/pen/ZEObVxQ

Full Screen Image Landing Page (Pure CSS/HTML)
https://codepen.io/geekidharsh/pen/NrQBBp

Bootstrap Dropdown Menu - Extended
https://codepen.io/atelierbram/pen/PoVNYY

YarnOver : Home Section Layout
https://codepen.io/Joruchan/pen/wZwepb

School Web Template
https://codepen.io/codersreign/pen/LYERBda

#Codevember 9, Old Timey Film In 1 Div
https://codepen.io/ddietle/pen/qqOwJW